# Twine Minigame 3
## Devlog
Write your Devlog here.

In my game I used variables to track how many of the different items the player had in my game. My game only utilized number variables and the player was able to gain items based on certain actions that they had the choices to take. In my game, I used a lot of if and else macros to determine whether or not the player would be able to craft certain items. If the player had a certain amount of a specific item, then they were able to craft new items. If a player had a spear, in my game, then they were able to unlock new channels and a diferent outcome for a certain passage. I used the else macro to show the player a certain passage if they did not have enough of the required items to craft a certain object. For example, if the player didn't have enough rocks or sticks, then they would be unable to craft the spear and would receive a message that tells them that they need more of a certain item. Furthermore in order to "beat" the game I used and if macro on three certain conditions. of whether or not they had three different items. I used an else macro, which would tell the playeer to get more of certain items, if they did not have enough. I chose to use if macros instead of making different passages in order to simplify my game by keeping everything organized, instead of having dozens of passage. Since there was crafting in my game, and the player would receive different passages depending on if they had an item or not, an if macro helped me drastically reduce the amount of passages I needed which would of made everything convoluted and disorganized. For example, each time a player didn't have enough items to craft something specific I would have needed to create a different passage for each alternative. Instead I was able to just use an if macro.
